Okay, it was the last time Shrimataji came to Switzerland.
She was going to China to give her speech at the Women's Conference.
And she was coming straight from Kabela and taking the plane in Zurich to go to China,
except that the plane from Milan was delayed and the Swissair plane didn't wait for her
and left.
So she had to stay one night in Zurich to go the following day.
We were following her from Kabela.
So we had, you know, when you go to Kabela, you take two or three saris plus the clothes
for those number of days that you're going to stay there.
So we had no, I had no more fresh saris, all had been used.
I had just a Punjabi dress, a red one, embroidered in yellow, goldish color.
Very, very nice, but still.
So we were in the evening looking after Shrimataji in her room.
It was just a very small group of people who had followed her.
So we were at maximum 10 people.
And the following morning, so the only fresh clothes that I still had was this Punjabi
dress.
So I put it on because you get up, have your shower and put your clean clothes.
So I was wearing it.
But I thought, well, a married lady should go in front of Shrimataji wearing a sari.
So I'm not going to enter her room this morning.
So because I'm not in a sari.
So I stayed doing all the back, you know, in the back, doing whatever you have to, but
without going into her room.
And then all of a sudden, someone opened the door of the living room of her suite.
And I was just behind and wasn't expecting that that door was going to be open.
Someone opened it from inside and she was just in front.
And she said, oh, hello, Maria-Melia, come in.
I said, oh, my goodness, but I'm not properly dressed.
But I didn't say anything.
I just went in.
Then she looked at me.
She smiled and she said, what a beautiful outfit you are wearing.
Come let me see it.
So I went next to her.
She took it in her hands.
She was saying, what a nice fabric.
When did you buy it?
And all this sort of thing.
It's beautiful.
So it's really it was red, very strong red and yellow, golden color.
And then I smiled because I said, OK, you have to have the right attitude.
You're going to meet the goddess.
So you wear as a married lady, you have your sari, you'll be properly with the proper attire.
But so the attitude has to be good.
But if you but she understands and she knows.
So she was the one calling me in and admiring what I was wearing, even if it was not a beautiful
sari to be in front of her.
So that's exactly the other way around.
But it was a nice story because she and I was ever so happy.
Can imagine.
But well, that was it.
Yeah, it's still your heart was in the right place.
Yeah.
It's a lovely story.
Lovely story.